VHM content moved out of Reference, into Admin (#561)
SUSE/doc-susemanager: modules/administration/pages/vhm-file.adoc

[[vhm-file]]
= File-based Virtual Hosts

In a VMWare environment where direct connection to the {susemgr} is not possible, a JSON file can be exported from the ESXi or vSphere host and later imported into {productname}.

After selecting menu:Create[File-Based] enter a label and URL leading to the location of this file.

image::systems_virtual_host_managers_file.png[scaledwidth=80%]

.VMWare vCenter Installations without Direct Access
[NOTE]
====

> The file-based is not meant to be used with manually crafted files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The file-based option is not meant to be used with manually crafted files.
```

> It only meant to be used with the output of [command]``virtual-host-gatherer`` against some other module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is only meant to be used with the output of [command]``virtual-host-gatherer`` against some other module.
```

            }
        },
        "10.11.12.14": {
            "cpuArch": "x86_64",
            "cpuDescription": "AMD Opteron(tm) Processor 4386",
            "cpuMhz": 3092.212639,
            "cpuVendor": "amd",
            "hostIdentifier": "'vim.HostSystem:host-183'",
            "name": "10.11.12.14",
            "os": "VMware ESXi",
            "osVersion": "5.5.0",
            "ramMb": 65512,
            "totalCpuCores": 16,
            "totalCpuSockets": 2,
            "totalCpuThreads": 16,
            "type": "vmware",
            "vms": {
                "49737e0a-c9e6-4ceb-aef8-6a9452f67cb5": "4230c60f-3f98-2a65-f7c3-600b26b79c22",
                "5a2e4e63-a957-426b-bfa8-4169302e4fdb": "42307b15-1618-0595-01f2-427ffcddd88e",
                "NSX-gateway": "4230d43e-aafe-38ba-5a9e-3cb67c03a16a",
                "NSX-l3gateway": "4230b00f-0b21-0e9d-dfde-6c7b06909d5f",
                "NSX-service": "4230e924-b714-198b-348b-25de01482fd9"
            }
        }
    }
}
----

For more information, see the man page on your {productname} server for [command]``virtual-host-gatherer``:

----
man virtual-host-gatherer
----

> The `README` file provided with the package provides background information about the `type` of a hypervisor, etc.:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `README` file of that package provides background information about the `type` of a hypervisor, etc.:
```

----
/usr/share/doc/packages/virtual-host-gatherer/README.md
----

> The man page and the `README` file also contain example configuration files for your reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The man page and the `README` file also contain example configuration files.
```
